webui: Integrate eslint-config-yscope and refactor accordingly. (#351)
y-scope/clp: components/webui/README.md

## Requirements

> * Node.js.
>   To manage different versions of Node.js, we recommend using
> [nvm (Node Version Manager)](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).
>   * **Node.js 14** - For running Meteor. Meteor.js only
>     [supports](https://docs.meteor.com/install#prereqs-node) Node.js versions >= 10 and <= 14.
>   * **Node.js 18 or higher** - For linting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Node.js v14 for building and running the webui
  * Meteor.js only [supports](https://docs.meteor.com/install#prereqs-node) Node.js versions >= v10
    and <= v14.
* Node.js v18 or higher for linting the webui
* (Optional) [nvm (Node Version Manager)][nvm] to manage different versions of Node.js
```

If you ever add a package manually to `package.json` or `package.json` changes
for some other reason, you should rerun this command.

> > ℹ️ When running this command, you might see warnings related to uninstalled `eslint-config-yscope` peer dependencies,
> > like the ones below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> When running this command, you might see warnings related to uninstalled `eslint-config-yscope
> peer dependencies, like the ones below:
```

> ```
> npm WARN eslint-config-yscope@0.0.20 requires a peer of eslint@^8.57.0 but
>  none is installed. You must install peer dependencies yourself.
> ```

> > **These `eslint-config-yscope` warnings can be safely ignored.** They occur because the default npm version in
> > Node.js 14 does not automatically install peer dependencies. If needed, peer dependencies are automatically installed
> > when switching to Node.js version 18 or higher for linting purposes, as outlined in the [Linting](#linting) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **These `eslint-config-yscope` warnings can be safely ignored.** They occur because the default
> npm version in Node.js v14 does not automatically install peer dependencies. If needed, peer
> dependencies are automatically installed when switching to Node.js v18 or higher for linting
> purposes, as outlined in the [Linting](#linting) section.
```

   ```
5. The Web UI should now be available at `http://<webui.host>:<webui.port>`
   (e.g., http://localhost:4000).

# Linting

> We enforce code quality and consistency across our project using ESLint. You can use the following
> npm scripts defined in `package.json` to check and fix linting issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We enforce code quality and consistency across our project using [ESLint][eslint]. You can use the
following npm scripts defined in `package.json` to check and fix linting issues.
```

> ## Preparing Your Environment for Linting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup
```

> Due to specific dependencies, linting this project requires Node.js version 18 or higher. Follow
> these steps to set up your environment for linting:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to specific dependencies, linting this project requires Node.js v18 or higher. Follow these
steps to set up your environment for linting:
```

> 1. **Switch to Node.js Version 18 or Higher**
> 
>     If you have not installed Node.js 18 or higher, use nvm to install it first:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

1. Switch to Node.js v18 or higher
```

>     ```shell
>     nvm install 18
>     ```
>     
>     Switch to Node.js 18:
>     
>     ```shell
>     nvm use 18
>     ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```shell
    # Install v18 if not already installed
    nvm install 18

    # Switch to node v18
    nvm use 18
    ```
```

> 2. **Re-install Dependencies**
> 
>     After switching to the correct Node.js version, re-install the project dependencies with the
> following command to prevent `npm` from checking the `package-lock.json` file version:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Re-install the project's dependencies with `--no-package-lock` to prevent `npm` from checking the
   `package-lock.json` file version:
```

    ```shell
    npm install --no-package-lock
    ```

> ## Checking for Linting Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Checking for linting errors
```

> To check for linting errors across the project, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check for linting errors across the project:
```

```shell
npm run lint
```

> This command will run ESLint on the source code, reporting any linting errors without fixing them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will run ESLint on the entire project's source code and report any linting errors.
```

> ## Automatically Fixing Linting Errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automatically fixing linting errors
```

> If you want to automatically fix linting errors that can be resolved by ESLint, use the following
> command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To automatically fix linting errors that can be resolved by ESLint:
```

```shell
npm run lint:fix
```

> This command attempts to automatically fix any linting issues found in the same
> directories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command attempts to automatically fix any linting issues found in the project.
```

> ## Linting Specific Files

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Linting specific files
```

> While the above commands lint multiple directories, you might sometimes need to lint specific files.
> You can do so by running ESLint directly with a custom file path, for example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to lint a specific file rather than the entire project, you can run ESLint directly with
a custom file path:
```

```shell
eslint path/to/src.js
```

> Replace `path/to/src.js` with the path to the file you want to lint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `path/to/src.js` with the path to the file you want to lint.

[eslint]: https://eslint.org/
[nvm]: https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm
```
